Meeting 11/10/2024 @ 8pm
Attendees: Emily, Sofia, Dorjee
Excused:
Did not attend: Leo, Carter

What has been completed?
Sofia: Created the scenes based on Leo's writeup suggestions, changed the svgstorage method (simplified)
Emily: Database is now working, POST request for updating status
Dorjee: Nothing yet. 

What is still in progress?
Sofia: Nothing, done for the week. 
Emily: Tests from lab and get reqeust for item status (talk to someone in OHs about that).
Dorjee: Fully implement the scoreboard with christmas theme and timer. Reassigned to and going to prioritize inventory creation. 

What will be our deliverables by Tuesday's meeting?
Sofia: Scenes loaded with things hidden that should be.
Emily: Have the tests from Lab working and done so that we don't fail. :(
Dorjee: Plans to have scoreboard and timer by Tuesday and inventory by Friday.

Future thoughts:
Sofia: Get some basic logic out and work with Dorjee to get it so that if you have the item you can get the thing, etc... And working on scene swapping.
Emily: Inventory needs to be done by Friday so that we can work on implementing key elements over the weekend / before Tuesday.
Dorjee: Unsure yet, wanna see how current workload looks on tuesday.
